Dad, what are you doing?
Mom and I have confirmed that he is the one.
Shut up and let go
Eyeless thing
Say who you are
Why are you impersonating my daughter?
I didn't pretend
I am your daughter Su Jingye, right?
How dare you be stubborn?
Husband stop
Husband is 100 million
He really is 100 million
I can fully prove that he is 100 million
How do you confirm
I have proof.
You can 100% confirm that he is the benefit.
Husband, please visit me first.
You'll understand by looking at the evidence
If your so-called evidence doesn't convince me
I'll come back to settle the bill with you
Don't be afraid, I'll wait for him to explain
Dad has a bad temper
As long as he has seen the clothes of your day photo
He will believe you
Thanks.
There are two more to pick up for me.
Don't pick it up, let's go
Aunt Li is still waiting for you in the hospital
I need money.
If I were my mother
No.
Ah!